Know it's time to test the scenario and see if our configuration as proper and working as expected.
In this scenario we're going to be publishing a message from an application and from another application
we're expecting to catch a message with our listener.
So for that purpose I'm going to be using our first application that we developed earlier in our course.
So which is simply the rabbit MQ demo.
If I go there we have a rabbit template as you can remember.
And when our application starts up we are simply publishing our message with rabbit template.
So for the purpose of this demo I'm going to be publishing a message to my topic exchange with the routing
key topic just like we did with the previous example and if I go back there I'm going to be publishing
a message to my topic Exchange and with the Rawling key as topic.
My message is going to be routed to my Q And since I have a listener for my Q sat right here with a
message listener container I'll be able to catch a message with this rabbit MQ message listener.
So all I need to do is I need to provide my topic exchange and my routing and then dressed is going
to be handled by a rabid MQ with the binding to are my cue.
My message is going to be put in my queue and then I'll be able to read it inside my logs right here.
So let's switch back to our rabbit MQ demo and before that lets just copy the Xchange tame and open
our rabbit and demo and in Arabic the MQ demo.
Let's just provide the Xchange name and copy and paste it and trouting key of course going to be topic.
So with that way my message can be put inside my queue and we're again sending the simple message object
but lets us go inside a simple message object and see if it has a two string method and it doesn't have
an end if you can remember from our previous lectures.
Rabbit rabid MQ is simply treating any thing as an object and that mechanism doesn't allow us to read
any message right out of the box.
So we have to be casting our messages to a string but for the string to work we have to be having an
implementation of string.
So for our simple message object let's implement to string method and I'm going to say to string and
all have a name and description and just like that.
So from our list of the object we have to receiving this message.
So let's go back to our main class and we have everything ready so we have my topic exchange topic and
simple message as our message body let's know run our application and see what's going to happen.
Our application is starting up and our message appears to be sent to our exchange.
Let's go to rabbit and MQ dash board and see what's happened there.
And as you can see there is a spike in my queue.
So that means our message is delivered to my queue.
And if you check out the numbers with the ready on ACT and total You don't have any messages waiting
inside our queue.
So that means our message is being processed already by an application or a listener.
So that should be our rabbit Killisnoo or application.
And if we again try to get the messages from our queue the queue is empty.
So let's go to our listener application and we should be seeing our message in the logs.
And here we go.
Our message is being delivered to Robert M. Kulas and or application.
So we just realized a asynchronous communication scenario using two different applications and topics
exchanges and bindings.
So we could exchange messages between totally different applications with the scenario you can think
of any example any scenario in your mind and you can just realize it with these configurations with
rabbit them.
Q.